>> Jimmy: DO YOU EVER WISH YOU
WERE RUNNING AGAINST DONALD
TRUMP?
[ LAUGHTER ]
DO YOU EVER WISH YOU COULD CLIMB
THERE?
THE VICE PRESIDENT SAID HE
WANTED TO FIGHT HIM THE OTHER
DAY.
>> YOU KNOW, I THINK HILLARY'S
DOING JUST FINE.
I AM ENJOYING CAMPAIGNING ON HER
BEHALF.
AND ALSO CAMPAIGNING FOR SENATE
AND HOUSE CANDIDATES.
BECAUSE LOOK, WE JOKE ABOUT
DONALD TRUMP.
BUT I DO THINK THAT PART OF THE
REASON YOU'VE SEEN MICHELLE
PASSIONATE IN THIS ELECTION.
>> Jimmy: YES.
>> PART OF THE REASON THAT WE
GET INVOLVED AS MUCH AS WE HAVE
IS NOT JUST BECAUSE WE THINK
HILLARY'S GOING TO BE A GREAT
PRESIDENT, IT'S ALSO BECAUSE
THERE IS SOMETHING EQUAL
DATEIVELY DIFFERENT ABOUT THE
WAY TRUMP HAS OPERATED IN THE
POLITICAL SPHERE.
LOOK, I RAN AGAINST JOHN McCAIN.
I RAN AGAINST MITT ROMNEY.
OBVIOUSLY I THOUGHT THAT I COULD
DO A BETTER JOB.
BUT THEY'RE BOTH HONORABLE MEN.
AND IF THEY HAD WON, THEN I
WOULDN'T WORRY ABOUT THE GENERAL
COURSE OF THIS COUNTRY.
I THINK REPUBLICANS AND
DEMOCRATS HAVE SOME FIERCE
DISAGREEMENTS AND THAT'S HOW
DEMOCRACY WORK REALIZE WE'RE A
BIG, DIVERSE COUNTRY.
AND SOMETIMES IT'S GOING TO BE
CONTENTIOUS AND NOISY.
BUT WHAT WE HAVEN'T SEEN BEFORE
I THINK IS SOMEBODY QUESTIONING
THE INTEGRITY OF ELECTIONS AND
THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE.
WHAT WE HAVEN'T SEEN BEFORE I
THINK IS A POLITICS BASED ON
PUTTING DOWN IN VERY EXPLICIT
TER
TERMS OF MUSLIM AMERICANS WHO
ARE PATRIOTS OR DESCRIBING WOMEN
NOT IN TERMS OF THEIR INTELLECT
AND THEIR CHARACTER BUT ON A 1
TO 10 SCORE.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT.
>> YOU KNOW, AT A CERTAIN --
REGARDLESS OF WHAT YOUR
POLITICAL PREFERENCES ARE AND
YOUR POLICY PREFERENCES, THERE
IS A CERTAIN RESPONSIBILITY AND
EXPECTATION IN TERMS OF HOW YOU
BEHAVE, HOW YOU PRESENT
YOURSELF.
IT DOESN'T MEAN THAT --
>> Jimmy: I'VE HEARD THIS SPEECH
BEFORE, BELIEVE ME, YEAH.
>> IT DOESN'T MEAN THAT YOU'RE
PERFECT.
>> Jimmy: NO, I DIDN'T MEAN FROM
YOU, I MEANT GUIDANCE COUNSELORS
TO ME.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> YES, WELL THE POINT IS
THAT -- YOU KNOW, I SAID WHEN I
WAS RUNNING IN 2008, I'M NOT A
PERFECT MAN AND I WOULDN'T BE A
PERFECT PRESIDENT, BUT I'D MAKE
THE EFFORT.
TO, AS BEST I COULD, BE HONEST
TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, TO MAKE
SURE THAT I WAS PROTECTIVE OF
THE INSTITUTIONS, THAT THERE
WERE CERTAIN NORMS AND STANDARDS
AND VALUES AND CUSTOMS THAT MAKE
IT WORK.
AND IF YOU ARE WILLING TO SAY
ANYTHING AND DO ANYTHING EVEN
WHEN IT UNDERMINES EVERYTHING
THAT'S BEEN BUILT BY PREVIOUS
GENERATIONS, YOU KNOW, THAT'S A
PROBLEM.
AND THAT'S WHY I TAKE THIS
ELECTION VERY SERIOUSLY.
>> Jimmy: YOU SHOULD HAVE SOLD
HATS, THOUGH, WHEN YOU RAN.
[ LAUGHTER ]
ONE THING YOU HAVE TO TAKE AWAY
FROM DONALD TRUMP IS THAT YOU
CAN MAKE A LOT OF MONEY SELLING
HATS.
>> YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT, WE SOLD
A LOT OF STUFF.